But what if even after the wedding, she still doesn't give up?
Hermione has too much pride.
Trust me, when Chris is married to me, she'll back up.
What if...
To be brutally honest, Mrs. Evans,
if I don't marry Chris soon,
even if Hermione stops digging,
I'm afraid I won't be able to keep the secret for much longer.
Are you threatening me?
I didn't want it to have to come to this.
But the reason I'm in this mess is because of you.
Fine.
I'll make sure Chris marries you soon,
but that child can't stay.
You're baby's healthy.
You can put your mind at ease, all right?
What I want you to do is wait here,
and I'm gonna go get the medication, okay?
Thank you.
So, even though my doctor Tila was exposed,
I'm still Mrs. Evans' favorite.
Guess what?
Chris and I are getting married soon.
All right, Mel.
Don't swear if you cause a miscarriage,
I'll make sure you lie in prison for murder.
You know, I feel so bad for that baby.
Is that a liar for a mother?
You think you know Chris, don't you?
You think we start seeing each other after the engagement?
Wrong!
Our baby is four months old.
Like it or not?
At the end of the day, he picked me over you.
Tose you?
Keep dreaming.
I walked away from him.
Four months pregnant?
Chris was with me non-stop on a project four months ago.
How did he have time to father a child with Lucy?
And I was in charge of his schedule,
as every minute of every day was accounted for.
Her mindy?